https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-14268 (#6974)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: business_continuity/backup_restore/tag_resources.adoc

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: BackupSchedule
metadata:
 name: schedule-acm-msa
 namespace: open-cluster-management-backup
spec:
 veleroSchedule: 0 */1 * * *
 veleroTtl: 120h
 useManagedServiceAccount: true
 paused: false
----

. Verify that the `BackupSchedule` created the hub cluster backup resources and the resource status is `Completed`.
. Pause the `BackupSchedule` schedule and stop generating backups by setting the property `paused=true` on the `schedule-acm-msa BackupSchedule`.
+
*Note:* You cannot run a restore operation on the hub cluster if the `BackupSchedule` is enabled.
. Run a restore operation by using the following YAML: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
kind: Restore
metadata:
name: restore-acm
namespace: open-cluster-management-backup
spec:
cleanupBeforeRestore: None
veleroManagedClustersBackupName: latest
veleroCredentialsBackupName: latest
veleroResourcesBackupName: latest
excludedResources: # exclude managed cluster resources
 - ManagedCluster
excludedNamespaces: # exclude managed cluster namespaces
  - managed-cls-1
  - managed-cls-2
  - managed-cls-n
----

> After you complete these steps, the operator goes over each resource which is part of the hub cluster backup and tags it with the `velero.io/backup-name: backupName` , where `backupName` is the name of the latest backup. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you complete these steps, the operator goes through each resource that is part of the hub cluster backup and tags it with the `velero.io/backup-name: backupName`, where `backupName` is the name of the latest backup. 
```

> After tagging the resources, you can use the hub cluster as a restore cluster. You can update the DataProtectionApplication storage location to point to the storage location of the backup hub cluster so you can run a restore operation using the hub cluster backup resources. All the restore hub cluster resources are tagged now with the `velero.io/backup-name label`, so they show as being generated by an earlier restore. Therefore, any restore operation that you run on this hub cluster using the `cleanupBeforeRestore` option set to `CleanupRestored` cleans up the data that is not part of the restored backup.

Reviewer: Wall of text 
```suggestion
After you tag the resources, you can use the hub cluster as a restore cluster. Update the `DataProtectionApplication` storage location to point to the storage location of the backup hub cluster, so you can run a restore operation using the hub cluster backup resources. 

All the restore hub cluster resources are tagged now with the `velero.io/backup-name label`, so the hub clusters show as being generated by an earlier restore. Therefore, any restore operation that you run on the existing hub cluster using the `cleanupBeforeRestore` option set to `CleanupRestored` cleans up the data that is not part of the restored backup.
```

*Important:*

* If you have managed clusters on the restore hub cluster created by an earlier restore operation which are not part of the restored backup, do not use the restore operation with the `cleanupBeforeRestore` option set to `CleanupRestored`. Otherwise, the managed clusters on the restore hub cluster get detached from the hub cluster and the managed cluster resources are deleted. 

> * Having this constraint, you can use an existing hub cluster as a restore hub cluster in the following situations:

Reviewer: "Having this constraint..." can we specify the constraint? Is it one of the two mentioned in "Considerations when using an existing hub cluster as a restore hub cluster" or are we referring to the previous bullet point? Looking back at the google doc, maybe this will help: 

```suggestion
* When there are more resources on the restore hub cluster than the backup hub cluster, you can use an existing hub cluster as a restore hub cluster in the following situations:
```

> * Do not use the restore operation with the `cleanupBeforeRestore` option set to `CleanupRestored` if you have managed clusters on this hub cluster created by an earlier restore operation which are not part of the restored backup. Otherwise, they get detached from the hub cluster and managed cluster resources deleted. 
> * Having this constraint, you could use an existing hub cluster as a restore hub cluster in the following situations:
> ** There are no managed clusters on this restore hub cluster. 
> ** There are managed clusters on the restore hub cluster and you do not expect the restore hub cluster user data to be the same with the one available with the restored backup.
> ** The names of the managed clusters from the restore hub cluster do not collide with any of the managed cluster names from the backup hub cluster.

Reviewer: There are a couple of run-on statements here. When you say "this hub cluster" is it the restore hub cluster? What is "they" ? Are you referring to the managed clusters? 

What is "..this constraint"? Are you referring to what's getting detached? 

Reminder to use active/present tone. "Could" is past tense.
```suggestion
* If you have managed clusters on the restore hub cluster created by an earlier restore operation which are not part of the restored backup, do not use the restore operation with the `cleanupBeforeRestore` option set to `CleanupRestored`. Otherwise, they get detached from the hub cluster and managed cluster resources are deleted. 
* Having this constraint, you could use an existing hub cluster as a restore hub cluster in the following situations:
** There are no managed clusters on this restore hub cluster. 
** There are managed clusters on the restore hub cluster and you do not expect the restore hub cluster user data to be the same with the one available with the restored backup.
** The names of the managed clusters from the restore hub cluster do not collide with any of the managed cluster names from the backup hub cluster.
```

Reviewer 2: @dockerymick - There are a couple of run-on statements here. When you say "this hub cluster" is it the restore hub cluster? What is "they" ? Are you referring to the managed clusters? 
answer : **hub** cluster always refers to the hub cluster, not to a managed cluster. **this hub cluster** is the cluster where the operation is executed , the hub where you run the restore op. The sentence before ( you could use an existing hub cluster as a restore hub cluster in the following situations: ) clarifies *this hub cluster* - we are talking about the existing hub cluster you are trying to use in a restore operation.

Reviewer 2: @dockerymick Having this constraint, = having this limitation

* On the restore hub cluster, update the `DataProtectionApplication` resource and set the storage location to a new, temporary location. You do not want to create the backup used to tag the restore hub cluster resources in the same storage location with the backup hub cluster. 
* Before you tag the resources, make sure you set the storage location to a different location than the backup hub cluster.

[#tagging-resources-velero]
== Tagging resources with the velero label 

To tag user created resources on the restore hub cluster with the `velero.io/backup-name: backupName` label, on the restore hub cluster complete the following steps: 

. Create a `BackupSchedule` resource to generate a backup that has all these hub cluster resources by using the following YAML:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: BackupSchedule
metadata:
 name: schedule-acm-msa
 namespace: open-cluster-management-backup
spec:
 veleroSchedule: 0 */1 * * *
 veleroTtl: 120h
 useManagedServiceAccount: true
 paused: false
----

> . Verify that the `BackupSchedule` created the hub cluster backup resources and the resource status is `Completed`.
> . Pause the `BackupSchedule` schedule and stop generating backups by setting the property `paused=true` on the `schedule-acm-msa BackupSchedule`.
> +
> *Note:* You cannot run a restore operation on the hub cluster if the `BackupSchedule` is enabled.
> . Run a restore operation by using the following YAML: 
> 
> +
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> kind: Restore
> metadata:
> name: restore-acm
> namespace: open-cluster-management-backup
> spec:
> cleanupBeforeRestore: None
> veleroManagedClustersBackupName: latest
> veleroCredentialsBackupName: latest
> veleroResourcesBackupName: latest
> excludedResources: # exclude managed cluster resources
>  - ManagedCluster
> excludedNamespaces: # exclude managed cluster namespaces
>   - managed-cls-1
>   - managed-cls-2
>   - managed-cls-n
> ----
> 
> After you complete these steps, the operator goes through each resource that is part of the hub cluster backup and tags it with the `velero.io/backup-name: backupName`, where `backupName` is the name of the latest backup. 
> 
> After you tag the resources, you can use the hub cluster as a restore cluster. Update the `DataProtectionApplication` storage location to point to the storage location of the backup hub cluster, so you can run a restore operation using the hub cluster backup resources. 
> 
> All the restore hub cluster resources are tagged now with the `velero.io/backup-name label`, so the hub clusters show as being generated by an earlier restore. Therefore, any restore operation that you run on the existing hub cluster using the `cleanupBeforeRestore` option set to `CleanupRestored` cleans up the data that is not part of the restored backup.

Reviewer: @birsanv One more question. Since @jc-berger moved forward with my suggestion, is it accurate to add the statement as a step in the procedure, "After you tag the resources, you can use the hub cluster as a restore cluster.  Update the `DataProtectionApplication` storage location to point to the storage location of the backup hub cluster, so you can run a restore operation using the hub cluster backup resources."? 

Sorry for missing this earlier, but the hashtags also need to be removed and should be callouts.

We might also want to update the following statement, if it can be a step: ". To run a restore operation using the hub cluster resources, update the `DataProtectionApplication` storage location to point to the storage location of the backup hub cluster. "

I say this because to me it is obvious that this is complete only after the previous steps are done. We don't need to call out "After you complete these steps" or "After you tag resources"

```suggestion
. Verify that the `BackupSchedule` created the hub cluster backup resources and the resource status is `Completed`.
. Pause the `BackupSchedule` schedule and stop generating backups by setting the property `paused=true` on the `schedule-acm-msa BackupSchedule`.
+
*Note:* You cannot run a restore operation on the hub cluster if the `BackupSchedule` is enabled.

. Run a restore operation by using the following YAML: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
kind: Restore
metadata:
name: restore-acm
namespace: open-cluster-management-backup
spec:
cleanupBeforeRestore: None
veleroManagedClustersBackupName: latest
veleroCredentialsBackupName: latest
veleroResourcesBackupName: latest
excludedResources: <1>
 - ManagedCluster
excludedNamespaces: <2>
  - managed-cls-1
  - managed-cls-2
  - managed-cls-n
----
<1> Resources that you want to exclude. For this example, managed cluster resources are excluded.
<2> Namespaces that you want to exclude. For this example, managed cluster namespaces are excluded.
+
The operator goes through each resource that is part of the hub cluster backup and tags it with the `velero.io/backup-name: backupName`, where `backupName` is the name of the latest backup. 

. After you tag the resources, you can use the hub cluster as a restore cluster. Update the `DataProtectionApplication` storage location to point to the storage location of the backup hub cluster, so you can run a restore operation using the hub cluster backup resources. 

All the restore hub cluster resources are tagged now with the `velero.io/backup-name label`, so the hub clusters show as being generated by an earlier restore. Therefore, any restore operation that you run on the existing hub cluster using the `cleanupBeforeRestore` option set to `CleanupRestored` cleans up the data that is not part of the restored backup.
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: BackupSchedule
metadata:
 name: schedule-acm-msa
 namespace: open-cluster-management-backup
spec:
 veleroSchedule: 0 */1 * * *
 veleroTtl: 120h
 useManagedServiceAccount: true
 paused: false
----

. Verify that the `BackupSchedule` created the hub cluster backup resources and the resource status is `Completed`.
. Pause the `BackupSchedule` schedule and stop generating backups by setting the property `paused=true` on the `schedule-acm-msa BackupSchedule`.
+
*Note:* You cannot run a restore operation on the hub cluster if the `BackupSchedule` is enabled.
. Run a restore operation by using the following YAML: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
kind: Restore
metadata:
name: restore-acm
namespace: open-cluster-management-backup
spec:
cleanupBeforeRestore: None
veleroManagedClustersBackupName: latest
veleroCredentialsBackupName: latest
veleroResourcesBackupName: latest
excludedResources: <1>
 - ManagedCluster
excludedNamespaces: <2>
  - managed-cls-1
  - managed-cls-2
  - managed-cls-n
----
<1> Resources that you want to exclude. For this example, managed cluster resources are excluded.

> <2> Namespaces that you want to exclude. For this example, managed cluster namespaces are excluded.
> 
> 
> The operator goes through each resource that is part of the hub cluster backup and tags it with the `velero.io/backup-name: backupName`, where `backupName` is the name of the latest backup. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Namespaces that you want to exclude. For this example, managed cluster namespaces are excluded.

The operator goes through each resource that is part of the hub cluster backup and tags it with the `velero.io/backup-name: backupName`, where `backupName` is the name of the latest backup. 
```

> After you tag the resources, you can use the hub cluster as a restore cluster. You are now ready to restore the data from the primary hub cluster by updating the `DataProtectionApplication` storage location to point to the storage location of the backup hub cluster, so you can run a restore operation that uses the hub cluster backup resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you tag the resources, you can use the hub cluster as a restore cluster. You can now restore the data from the primary hub cluster by updating the `DataProtectionApplication` storage location to point to the storage location of the backup hub cluster, so you can run a restore operation that uses the hub cluster backup resources. 
```

> All the restore hub cluster resources are tagged now with the `velero.io/backup-name label`, so the hub clusters show as being generated by an earlier restore. Therefore, any restore operation that you run on the existing hub cluster using the `cleanupBeforeRestore` option set to `CleanupRestored` cleans up the data that is not part of the restored backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the restore hub cluster resources are tagged with the `velero.io/backup-name label`, so the hub clusters show as being generated by an earlier restore. Therefore, any restore operation that you run on the existing hub cluster using the `cleanupBeforeRestore` option set to `CleanupRestored` cleans up the data that is not part of the restored backup.
```

*Important:*

> * If you have managed clusters on the restore hub cluster created by an earlier restore operation which are not part of the restored backup, do not use the restore operation with the `cleanupBeforeRestore` option set to `CleanupRestored`. Otherwise, the managed clusters on the restore hub cluster get detached from the hub cluster and the managed cluster resources are deleted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you have managed clusters on the restore hub cluster created by an earlier restore operation that are not part of the restored backup, do not use the restore operation with the `cleanupBeforeRestore` option set to `CleanupRestored`. Otherwise, the managed clusters on the restore hub cluster get detached from the hub cluster and the managed cluster resources are deleted. 
```
